Add docs for new Python utils in 0.4.x (#127)
LangStream/documentation: pipeline-agents/agent-developer-guide/agent-types.md

A processor agent might manipulate data as it flows through the pipeline, or could add in context to help downstream agents make decisions. A processor agent is responsible for accepting a list of `Record`s as input, doing some processing as necessary, and returning a `Record` (or many `Record`s) as a result.

### Service

Service agents are generic applications that usually do not process streaming data in the scope of a pipeline.&#x20;

Tipically a Service exposes an API service that can be consumed by external applications. For instance you can build your ChatBot UI using a service&#x20;

### What's next?

> Continue on to Part 2 of the Agent Developer Guide, [Agent Creation.](broken-reference)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue on to Part 2 of the Agent Developer Guide, [Agent Creation.](agent-creation.md)
```
